I was in the street calling
out in the street they call it
you
wieners on every pitch every quarter
Mike Fennell just some proponents thank
you get 30 police foreigners we're
almost finished
the winners of Ronnie Turnitin 2013
first of all navigator co-driver Mike
Fennell speaker you know I hope you all
enjoy yourselves for the weekend here in
Oakland you know we got some talking
pushing anything but there was thoughts
on dominates on this week with that
true in gyms and Horatio
we are no problems maybe a certain
emotion bottle was full consider total
the marshals TTR see everybody thank you
all
of course the last person we're going to
speak with tonight your winner of our
Internet at 2030 the other guy in the
seat mr. Jeffrey Ponton I can't tell
what Mike said but I would like to thank
ownership in limited also who came on
board literally total acceptance of this
rally in the past
we have around a true that around
surveying for this year the marshals
have agreed in the support and in this
soul and he won the toss that on her
rules here there
it's amazing that earlier thank you very
much Marshalls own industry from the
witness mouth then Testament we can't do
it without you so so folks we have next
to be here hold on do it in my head like
you did two years ago we've gone group
into a two wheel drive and all the
winners here courtesy mum's champagne
through the sea bombs thank you very
much Joan DG please and by the VG folks
also how they're not on come here but
anyway
you